[Music]
whoo that's false oh it's like
picking between my babies when i was
younger this is what i sounded like
you're somehow related to karma medic
do you look the same you are rich hiya
and welcome back to the channel
i am so so excited because finally i
have a video
wherein it is acceptable for me to
finally say
thank you so much to all 10 000 of you
for
being here watching my face and somehow
now being associated i guess with
whatever i am trying to do
i am endlessly grateful i can't believe
this
time came so soon so honestly thank you
more than i can ever say i've been told
that when there's a lot of new
subscribers to your channel
it is a good thing to kind of you know
say some more about yourself and because
i lost the bet of getting to the 10
000 subscriber milestone so quickly i
now have to do this assumptions video
so i've asked you all on instagram to
send in your assumptions about
me to be honest i was absolutely
terrified to do this video but
i will say it was actually the most
entertaining thing
to read some of them were quite deep but
some of them were so hilarious that
if it was not absolutely obnoxious
i feel like i would just ask people
every week to send in assumptions
because myself yourself
found it very very entertaining anyways
without any further ado
let's get started i have all my
assumptions here on my phone so i'll try
to go
through as many as i can today the first
one i'm going to refer to
is uh people are always curious about
your accent
and i feel like i have to address this
because it is
literally on every single video of mine
where is your accent from
the honest answer to that is i do not
know
my accent has changed so much over the
years so when i was younger
and let's let's let's let's do this when
i was younger this is what i sounded
like
um let's see let's see
she goes knocked our school beautiful
she was very little
yeah so clearly has changed a lot over
the years i think
i originally did have a just normal
english london accent i've gone to
international school for very many years
and i think there my accent has changed
a lot it's definitely had a lot of
influences
think there's an irish there because
most irish people will assume that i'm
irish
um i don't think it's just the hair
because i've asked is it because i have
red hair or
um is it my accent and everyone says oh
it's your accent you sound irish the
honest answer is i really
don't know it's just a mixture of
hearing different accents for
a huge part of my life and now it's just
this very frustrating thing so i do
apologize that
it's quite annoying um but i i just yeah
there's nothing i can do about it i'm so
sorry
the next one is you have a secret closet
of multicolored clothes
oh god i wish i was that fun uh no my
closet is almost
completely black there are a few um
beige things in there
but black i'm very boring the next one
is you work on holidays too
oh my god um this is a weird one because
a lot of the things that i do that
people consider work
i don't actually consider work so i
would say
no i don't work on holidays but on the
outside it would seem as though i am
working on holidays if that makes sense
so i'll have to say yes to that
but it's not not in a sad way or perhaps
that is quite sad but
yeah i'm not sure i would say yes i do
um the next assumption oh
i had so many on this um your parents
give you a lot of money
you are rich you are rich you are rich
you get income from your parents you're
very rich
your parents support you okay now
i don't actually get any income from my
parents my parents do not support me
financially
um when i go over to theirs they do pay
for food and things while i'm there
but um yeah i
work for my own money so in my gap years
i worked and i saved money for
university
my first year i worked two part-time
jobs in my second year i worked five
part-time jobs
and this year i am working three jobs so
i've always worked alongside my
university which is kind of how i can
afford
to be able to live and eat and travel in
london however i just really want to
make clear that i need to
acknowledge my privilege a lot in being
able to do this in the first place
firstly i am lucky to be in good
physical health so there are many
different jobs that i can do
secondly i am not a parent or carer and
i don't have any dependents so it is
only myself that i need to take care of
thirdly i am 25 years old so i'm quite a
bit older than
other students in my year and therefore
i perhaps have a bit more experience and
i'm easier to hire by people therefore
it is
a lot of privilege and a lot of luck
that allows me to work the way that i do
during university
but all the money is just coming from me
and those jobs and
no not my parents and also i'm not rich
if i were to stop working i would not
even be able to afford to be in london
at all
so yeah that's the very long answer to
that the next assumption is i play the
piano
this is also true and false i used to be
able to play the piano but i haven't
played it in many many years
so as soon as i have some money i think
one of the first things i'm going to do
is get myself a piano teacher and learn
to play the piano again because i
absolutely remember
loving it so the next one is that you
are a natural redhead yes that is true
i have been teased enough for it but
yeah i am a natural redhead
um the next one is you will wear a black
wedding dress
false um if i do ever end up getting
married um
definitely would be wearing a white
wooden dress not a black one
uh the next one is you don't want to
share a lot about your life
oh this is quite deep um
i don't know how to answer that easily
but the simple answer is actually yes i
do not want to share a lot about my life
and there are quite a few reasons for
this firstly is that i am naturally
quite a private person
and i don't see the benefit of sharing
private aspects of my life online
secondly is that my private life often
involves other people
and even though i have consented to this
youtube channel and putting myself
out there my friends and family have not
necessarily consented to that
so i'm not sure that i would involve
them in what i am doing online and
thirdly
i hope to be a clinician one day i would
be very very careful in
trying to do anything that would perhaps
make my future patients uncomfortable so
that is definitely something i keep in
mind
so um yeah i don't think that i am
inclined to share a lot about my
personal life online i already do a lot
more than i would have ever imagined
the next assumption is negative comments
online don't really affect you that much
that's false i have been working on
ali abdel's channel for almost a year in
the background i did have a lot of
inside experience even though it was
indirect
in what the world can look like online
and i made the decision when i started
my channel that i would not censor the
comments section
so i'm not going to delete any comments
i don't the good ones and the bad ones
are all there
i don't want to go down the rabbit hole
of feeling the need to control what is
said about me
and i feel that people have the right to
think whatever they like and
say that too so um
it is there good things and bad things
have been said both in my dms
and online um but regarding negative
things
i think every creator says that you do
get used to it eventually
and i hope that that starts happening to
me um definitely i'm
a bit better now than i was um three
months ago
but it's still early days i think and a
lot of things do
affect me but i think people do have the
right and i am trying to be helpful
and if i ever stop trying to be helpful
or if i do wrong things which i'm sure
are going to happen
i do want to be held accountable for
those things so i'm by no means saying
that people shouldn't say what they
think i very very very much
you know want this to be an open
conversation um but
it will it does affect me um i think it
always will slightly affect me
but i think that is just the way that
things are online
and um by making this decision i'm
opening myself up to that so i
should accept it so yeah um but a long
way to say
no the next one is you are a very busy
person that is
false um i think i always make time for
people who matter to me and things that
matter to me and i do try to do a good
job of being
clear with what i like and what i don't
like and what i want to do and not want
to do
so um if i would i could be lying in bed
doing absolutely nothing for a whole day
and i would be too busy to do something
that i don't want to
but i could have you know eight hours of
work and six hours of uni and
studying to do and a youtube video to
put out and my friend could ask to talk
and i would definitely do that for two
hours
so i know so no i don't think that i am
too busy the next one is you're only
friends with ali to get attention
um i could see why that would look that
way i will say that to me this one is
false
because i was friends with ali and
working with ali for eight months
without almost anyone knowing except my
closest friends and family
so yeah i would be friends with him
anyway definitely uh not
not for attention um the next one is you
find your degree easy
no not true um there is definitely very
challenging things
in medicine especially when it comes to
communication with patients
there's a lot of things to learn and i
think that
i don't think anything is easy if you do
it properly and um yeah no no
i don't find my degree easy uh the next
assumption is you've never failed an
exam true i've never failed an exam
um the next one is you prefer art over
medicine
oh oh that's like
picking between my babies uh
no no i would say no just because i
picked medicine in the end
for my main degree so i guess i picked
medicine over art and
yeah the next one is you use ali
abdullah as your unfair advantage
true that's that's very true and i know
that i have a lot of benefits to
knowing him and working for him so yeah
absolutely
um you're kind of into minimalism that's
true um exactly i'm
kind of into it i'm definitely not a
complete minimalist but i do have
my qualms with consumerism and buying
too much products
and fast fashion and uh
yeah a lot of these things i do have
issues with
so uh yeah i think i am a bit of a
minimalist
the next assumption is you are an
introvert you're very shy
you're an introvert you're very shy
you're actually an extrovert you're an
introvert you're an introvert
you're an introvert oh i don't think i'm
i don't think i'm either i think i'm
somewhere in between um
i think i asked someone who assumed this
about me in person once
what does it actually mean to be an
introvert or an extrovert and they
defined it as
do you get more energy when you're
recharging on your own or when you're
around
other people and it depends on the
people
and the day so i think somewhere in
between
i don't think i'm either extroverted or
introverted
the next assumption is you don't watch
youtube that much very true
i have a lot of friends on youtube now
and i really want to keep up with their
videos
and support the algorithm and like and
comment
but it is quite overwhelming because
there's literally tens of them now
so um yeah i watch youtube a lot more
than i ever did definitely
um the next assumption is i am a foodie
yes i love love love
love food i think everyone does though i
don't think there is anyone that i know
that doesn't like food
um i'm fortunate because i don't have
any kind of dietary restrictions
and i'm very easy when it comes to food
i just want it to be good quality
but i don't really mind um
the next one is you're somehow related
to karma medic
do we look the same um do we do
do we look do we text her and do like
similar
is it is it do we do we do i'm not sure
um
i guess somehow yes we're both king
students so we're um king's babies and
therefore
siblings in that way but um as far as i
know me anderson do not have any genetic
relation but we should look into that
i'm not sure
uh you come across quiet but loki you're
funny af
ah these girls these girls um
i do come across as quiet that's true i
think i'm definitely quiet
um especially around new people i will
be very quiet unless i see that someone
is uncomfortable
or not engaging and then i will kind of
you know try to lighten up the situation
and make them feel more involved and
better
but um yeah i do try to do that as in
regards to my sense of humor
i really don't know i don't think i'm
going to comment on that so i'll skip
that girl sorry
um the next one is you're a gemini i'm
not even sure what month that is
um no i'm i'm a leo i was one in august
but
um yeah uh the next one is you argue
with your parents a lot
that's false i used to when i was
younger um
but i think it's probably been years
since i had an argument with my parents
we almost never argue um get along very
well
um the next one is
you didn't think being a youtuber was
for you but you're getting more used to
it
absolutely i had so many issues with
starting youtube i could talk about this
for
hours um but i think i am getting used
to it and realizing
that there's no such thing
as being just a youtuber um you can just
make it whatever you want to
so i think i'm going to try to be true
to myself and my own nerdiness and i
enjoy books and studying and art
and things like that so if uh you know
people
are okay with that and my very very
weird sense of humor
then um that's great uh lovely but
um yeah i think you can just make
youtube whatever you want it to be
so you don't have to think that oh i am
not that um
that's fine just be yourself i think is
what i would say there's honestly way
too many assumptions and to the point
that they would have made this video
a very rude length so i'm going to stop
right here
as always i hope you are very very happy
thank you so much if you somehow
listen to this very self-indulgent video
of mine and
again thank you just for being here
um yeah i hope you have a wonderful rest
of your day be kind to yourself and
others and don't believe everything you
think
thanks bye
you